Everybody welcome back.
So in the last video we saw how to create a form using scaffolding material and I want to show you how
the labels are not showing up here.
So if you look at the actual HCM Elon's I have a razor Templi you can see that there is a label here
and it says that there is a label for a title but there is no value in.
So if you wanted the label you'd have to say you know value our values you'd have to go through and
add all that.
Now there's a better way of doing it actually.
And that is using razors built in syntax razor as the view engine for NBC dot net and all you have to
do is use the at symbol and then say to him out and then dot and there's going to be all kinds of helpful
different razor extension methods that are used for this.
This template exists and that makes your day your job a little bit easier.
So we're going to look at how to use the label for and it's a lambda expression then you have to then
pass into this label for and the lambda is just simply going to iterate over the model and it's going
to return the label for the title and there's no semi-colon needed.
By the way and Razor So now we have this input here and while we're at it I'm going to go out and do
the same thing for here are some of H.A. input input.
So it's actually going to be text box for you.
So it's a little bit different.
So like inputs or text boxes for this we're going to say title.
And then finally there's also built in validation too.
So we'll see how that works.
We're going to see a validation message for and again another lambda in here.
And as you can see it's the same thing every time we go into our model.
So we have these three values here and now that we have the validation we don't need that.
So that's like a shorthand way of actually getting your actual inputs to show up.
Let me show you the reason why this is helpful so if I stopped the server and I restarted.
So we go back over to this now but you can see is because we're now using this free form shorthand you
can see that we now have the time on other prettinesses not there because it's not using the bootstrap
theme anymore.
So you can see he's not using that style but we'll see how to do that in just a second.
But as you can see here the the title and everything is created automatically that we get that cleaned
up a little bit.
Let's go back over to the Create and for this I want to go in just I want to take all these values and
I'm going to then paste them into here.
And obviously we want to change the actual value to our John
so now that we have all those in here I'm going to show you the data annotation is.
So if we go over to the band model file and a shorthand way to get there is if you click on the actual
band portion and press 12 it will automatically navigate to it.
We can use something called Data annotations.
Now in order to start basically applying different labels and fields and things like that on our inputs.
So if I wanted to say display I'm going to say display and then I can give this a like value.
So in order to do that I'm just going to add a custom attribute on here called display and then display
you can take a value called name and the name is going to be whatever you want it to show.
As for the label so in this case I'll say enter a Enter the name of the band or musician
and then if we do this for all of them we can manage all this.
All these values all this better data on the actual model itself.
And
right now just have you know this is kind of crappy messaging right now.
We'll just do this.
Then last
all right that's great.
Now if we go and run the out.
So now when we look at this you can see that the actual values for the labels that I gave under that
name for the data annotation is actually now showing up for the label and that's what we want.
One thing is that the biography is probably not suited for an actual text box so we want that to be
a text area.
So in order to fix that we would go back over to the template and where it says text box before we would
say text area 4 and then that will show up as a textarea and we probably also need some sort of B.R.
after our label
which is interesting because some of these other ones do not have it.
So actually the reason why this is occurring is the label is here long enough to actually push the div
the next two down because you can see how wide the form business is there is not.
It's in a column for as you can see the label pushes.
So technically in order to fix something like that you would even want to go back to the razor and after
every put it you would want some sort of a VR tag.
Maybe that's one way or even better you'd want some sort of styling in there for a.
Now for the quick and dirty We're just going to do this
in
I don't really know what I'm thinking here it needs to go out to the label on being done.
And he's got the label
so now if we go back to you you can see that the label is now pushing down on every single one of these
so it looks a little bit better.